README.md, before:

# Kaysha

Kaysha is an automatic differentiation library.

The automatic differentiation is performed at a compile time.

## Usage

```cpp
#include <kaysha/kaysha.hpp>
#include <iostream>

int main()
{
    constexpr auto x  = kaysha::variable<double>{};
    constexpr auto _2 = kaysha::constant<double>{2.0};
    constexpr auto _1 = kaysha::constant<double>{1.0};

    constexpr auto f = x * x + _2 * x + _1;

    std::cout << "f(x) = x^2 + 2x + 1" << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(1) = " << f(1.0)   << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(2) = " << f(2.0)   << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(3) = " << f(3.0)   << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(4) = " << f(4.0)   << std::endl;

    constexpr auto df = kaysha::differentiate(f);

    std::cout << "f'(x) = 2x + 2"       << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(1) = " << df(1.0)  << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(2) = " << df(2.0)  << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(3) = " << df(3.0)  << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(4) = " << df(4.0)  << std::endl;

    constexpr auto ddf = kaysha::differentiate(df);

    std::cout << "f''(x) = 2"            << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(1) = " << ddf(1.0) << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(2) = " << ddf(2.0) << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(3) = " << ddf(3.0) << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(4) = " << ddf(4.0) << std::endl;

    return 0;
}
```

## How it works

The main idea is inspired by the "Expression-template" technique. It enables
the human-readable code to skip needless calculations by emulating syntax-tree
with templatized proxy classes.

kaysha also constructs a syntax tree by overloading the arithmatic operators
and `differentiate` function transforms the tree into the derivative of the
original tree.

A brief example of the idea is demonstrated in the following snippet (the actual
code looks more complicated than this).

```cpp
template<typename L, typename R>
struct addition
{
    // ...
};

template<typename L, typename R>
addition<L, R> operator+(const L&, const R&);

template<typename L, typename R>
addition<differentiation<L>, differentiation<R>>
differentiate(const addition<L, R>&);
```

Commit message:

:pencil: add licensing terms to README

README.md, after:

# Kaysha

Kaysha is an automatic differentiation library.

The automatic differentiation is performed at a compile time.

## Usage

```cpp
#include <kaysha/kaysha.hpp>
#include <iostream>

int main()
{
    constexpr auto x  = kaysha::variable<double>{};
    constexpr auto _2 = kaysha::constant<double>{2.0};
    constexpr auto _1 = kaysha::constant<double>{1.0};

    constexpr auto f = x * x + _2 * x + _1;

    std::cout << "f(x) = x^2 + 2x + 1" << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(1) = " << f(1.0)   << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(2) = " << f(2.0)   << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(3) = " << f(3.0)   << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f(4) = " << f(4.0)   << std::endl;

    constexpr auto df = kaysha::differentiate(f);

    std::cout << "f'(x) = 2x + 2"       << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(1) = " << df(1.0)  << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(2) = " << df(2.0)  << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(3) = " << df(3.0)  << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f'(4) = " << df(4.0)  << std::endl;

    constexpr auto ddf = kaysha::differentiate(df);

    std::cout << "f''(x) = 2"            << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(1) = " << ddf(1.0) << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(2) = " << ddf(2.0) << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(3) = " << ddf(3.0) << std::endl;
    std::cout << "f''(4) = " << ddf(4.0) << std::endl;

    return 0;
}
```

## How it works

The main idea is inspired by the "Expression-template" technique. It enables
the human-readable code to skip needless calculations by emulating syntax-tree
with templatized proxy classes.

Kaysha also constructs a syntax tree by overloading the arithmatic operators.
Then `differentiate` function transforms the tree into the derivative of the
original tree.

A brief example of the idea is demonstrated in the following snippet (the actual
code looks more complicated than this).

```cpp
template<typename L, typename R>
struct addition
{
    // ...
};

template<typename L, typename R>
addition<L, R> operator+(const L&, const R&);

template<typename L, typename R>
addition<differentiation<L>, differentiation<R>>
differentiate(const addition<L, R>&);
```

## Licensing terms

This product is licensed under the terms of the [MIT License](LICENSE).

- Copyright (c) 2019 Toru Niina

All rights reserved.
